This repo contains the assets and scripts for a C# game developed and deployed in Unity (V2020.3.28f1).

## Project Overview ##
#Survivor# is an infinite scaling survivor type game. The player must use a mix of offensive and defensive play-style to outlast waves of enemies. Upon being killed, enemies drop experience orbs that must be collected in order to level up. Upon leveling up, the character's player model and abilities are upgraded, and their health is restored. This is the only way to restore health. The maximum level is 6. Thus, progressing beyond level 6 is very difficult. This is to ensure that an end of game is reached within an enjoyable period of time. Because of the general lack of features, beyond multiple enemy types and upgrading character models and abilities, there are little features. Thus, ensuring a shorter game length is important for enjoyment purposes until more content is added. The game-cycle is round-based, such that each round is one minute long.

Enemies are spawned off-screen and path-find towards the character. Their movement AI is rudimentary. There are three types of enemies: the majority of enemies deal damage upon contact with the character, while others shoot projectiles, and others explode upon death or nearing the character. The type of enemy spawned at a certain point in the game is determined not by the player's level, but rather by the current round. This motivates a fast, aggressive pace to the game. If the player does not collect enough experience to level up, they will surely fail to overcome the enemies in proceeding rounds. The enemy spawning algorithm utilizes an odds based system. Each type of enemy has a percentage chance of being spawned in any given round. Imagine that all the enemies are in a line, from weakest on the left to strongest on the right. The odds of a certain enemy being spawned changes in four cycles. The first cycle is a weak side step: this increases the odds of an enemy being spawned from left to right by 1 up to the current round number. Once the current round equals the number of unique enemies, the second cycle is activated. This cycle normalizes the odds of all enemies being spawned. Once the odds of all enemies being spawned is equal, the third cycle is activated. This cycle employs a strong side step: this increases the odds of an enemy being spawned from right to left by 1 up the current round number + (2 * # unique enemies). Once this is achieved, the final cycle is activated. This decreases the odds of an enemy being spawned from left to right until only the strongest enemy is spawned at any point. 
